142 Add use cases to logs markdown file (#1196)
inductiva/inductiva: docs/cli/streaming-logs.md

Combining both subcommand `log` and `kill` will allow you to quickly adjust or 
terminate simulations to achieve the desired simulation configurations.

At the end of the simulation, the log stream will automatically close, indicating

> that there are no new messages. This automatic closure of the stream does not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that there are no new messages. The automatic shutdown of the stream consumer does not 
```

affect the simulation or its outputs, and no further action is required from the
user.

> In addition to the automatic closure of the log stream, the `inductiva logs`
> command supports several modes for redirecting output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the content of the log stream, as well as the status of the stream consumer itself
can be saved for latter inspection using file redirection:
```

> - **Redirect stdout to a file**: You can redirect stdout to a file using the 
> `1>` operator. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Redirect stdout to a file**: You can redirect stdout (file descriptor 1) to a file using the 
redirection operator (`>`). This will redirect the entire content of the stream to a file. Example:
```

```bash
$ inductiva logs TASK_ID 1>out.txt
```

> - **Redirect stderr to a file**: You can redirect stderr to a file using the 
> `2>` operator. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Redirect stderr to a file**: The status of the stream consumer is
written to stderr (file descriptor 2). Redirect of stderr to a file can be
accomplished as follows:
```

```bash
$ inductiva logs TASK_ID 2>err.txt
```

> - **Redirect stdout and stderr to separate files**: You can redirect stdout and 
> stderr to separate files using the 1> and 2> operators. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Redirect stdout and stderr to separate files**: both stdout and 
stderr can be simultaneously redirected to separate files using:
```

```bash
$ inductiva logs TASK_ID 1>out.txt 2>err.txt
```

> - **Disable ANSI globally**: You can disable ANSI globally by setting the 
> ANSI_ENABLED environment variable to 0. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Disable ANSI globally**: To disable the use of ANSI escape codes
that support the status bar located at the bottom of the log stream, either
export or set locally the `ANSI_ENABLED` environment variable:
```

> ```bash
> $ ANSI_ENABLED=0 inductiva logs TASK_ID
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```bash
$ export ANSI_ENABLED=0 # valid for the entire shell session
$ ANSI_ENABLED=0 inductiva logs TASK_ID. # only valid for the command 
```
````
